Official Legal Disclaimer
This application includes clinical tools and content intended for use by healthcare professionals. These tools do not give professional advice; physicians and other healthcare professionals who use these tools or databases should exercise their own clinical judgment as to the information they provide. Consumers (non-medical professionals) who use the tools or databases do so at their own risk. Individuals with any type of medical condition are specifically cautioned to seek professional medical advice before beginning any sort of health treatment. For medical concerns, including decisions about medications and other treatments, non-medical users users should always consult their physician or other qualified healthcare professional.
This application’s content developers have carefully tried to create its content to conform to the standards of professional practice that prevailed at the time of development. However, standards and practices in medicine change as new data become available and the individual medical professional should consult a variety of sources.
The contents of this app, such as text, graphics, and images are for informational purposes only. This app does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the site.
While information in this app has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, neither we nor our content providers warrant the accuracy of the information contained.
We do not give medical advice, nor do we provide medical or diagnostic services. Medical information changes rapidly. Neither we nor our content providers guarantee that the content covers all possible uses, directions, precautions, drug interactions, or adverse effects that may be associated with any therapeutic treatments.
Your reliance upon information and content obtained by you at or through this app is solely at your own risk. Neither we nor our content providers assume any liability or responsibility for damage or injury (including death) to you, other persons, or property arising from any use of any product, information, idea, or instruction contained in the content or services provided to you.
